1. Least Recently used cache
Explanation- 
    I made use of ordered dictionary in python. This remembers the order in  which the keys are inserted.
    The set method first checks whether it reached the max size, if so then deletes the first inserted record.
    The get method, returns the value for the key if present or else returns -1. 
    Also the get method deletes the value and adds it again to move it up in the cache
Time Complexity: Time complexity for Dictionary lookup is constant O(1). Hence the overall time complexity will be O(1)
Space Complexity: This will also be O(1) as we are deleting and utilizing the space in dictionary.

2. File Recursion 
Explanation:
    Here in this program, first I have checked whether the path given is a file and ending with given suffix. If so then appending it to the list.
    If the path is a directory, then listing all the contents of the directory and calling the recursive function again.
Time complexity: 
    Let 'n' be the depth of the subdirectories and 'm' be the average no of files in a directory.
    Then the time complexity will be O(nm)

4. Active directory:
Explanation: 
    Here I have used recursion to get whether the user is in the group. 
Time complexity: Let  'n' be the depth of the directory and 'm' be the average number of directory in a group, then complexity will be O(n*m)

5. Blockchain
Explanation:
    Here I have created a linkedlist with default head, tail and no_blocks.
    The append method checks if linkedlist.head is present. If not the adds a block to the linkedlist.head. If present then appends the block to the tail.
    The size method will give number of blocks in the linkedlist
Time Complexity: 
    The time complexity to append a block to the linkedlist is constant O(1)


6. Union and Intersection
Explanation Union: For union created an empty hashmap. Then I have traversed through bth the lists. 
                            If the value is not present in the hashmap then appending the value to the result linkedlist.
Explanation Intersection: For this I have created 2 hashmaps. First I traversed through linkedlist1 and added all the values to hashmap1.
                        Then traversed through linkedlist2, if the value is present in hashmap1 and not in hashmap2(to remove duplicate) then adding the value to result linkedlist

Time complexity: Let n be the number of items in linkedlist1 and m be the numberof items in linkedlist2.
                The time complexity of get and set in hashmap is O(1). Then the time complexity for both union and intersection will be linear ie O(n)
    
    